immediate support
captain do you have any idea what those
markers are they look pretty ancient
the tracks end here it's definitely
bravo team they don't just disappear
oh
ah where the hell are we that lightning
and hit those markers and it took us
somewhere
wow guys
so what are we like guardians of the
galaxy now
on our six yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
this is officially above my paygrade
i don't care what those creatures are
we destroy them and close the gateway
from getting us all home
right
[Music]
what is storytelling
storytelling started with our indigenous
people
can anyone give me an example of a myth
or a story they're afraid of
lucas
what's going on we found a part of a man
in the woods today
part of the man i guess the other half
was found
in the mine
well this has got to be an animal right
no animal that i've ever seen
something is going on with lucas
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine
this is what was in the mind
it's a diabolical spirit
excuse this is a myth for you yeah
he is my responsibility
he's here
[Music]
[Applause]
what is going on
it's okay baby it's okay
it's okay it's okay we're okay we're
okay
okay where where where where mom
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
run
i don't know why he came all the way up
here there's nothing left
please there are people out there worth
[Music]
saving
the people that are left
another kind of people worth saving
[Music]
so
michael i've known you since you were a
child
you were gift you always have
if there's an answer to the disease
you'll find it
[Music]
i should have died years ago
why am i still here if not to fix this
i have a rare blood disease and i'm
running out of time
this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly legal
i want to see you get hurt more than you
already have
this would be a cure
at what cost
it's happening i went from time
to feeling more alive than ever
increased strength and speed
the ability to use echolocation
even overpowering urge to consume blood
[Music]
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
michael morbius got tired of doing the
whole good guy thing huh
what's up
so what are you doing out here
there is a legend in the jungles of the
amazon
of a tree that heals all it could change
the world but if it gets into the wrong
hands
he could awaken a great evil
i believe that the legend is real and
i'm gonna find it what you want
when i do just imagine the lives that
could be saved
i've been looking for this tree longer
than anybody
i've tracked the legend to every village
every island nothing
you're searching for something that
can't be found
but you've never had the key
let's do something that's safe let's go
see some elephants there are no
elephants in the amazon and i don't even
like elephants lady everybody likes
elephants
know this about the jungle everything
that you see
wants to kill you and can
careful they could smell fear i am not
afraid
[Music]
oh my gosh who brings a submarine to the
amazon foyer
[Music]
can get it hold on come on i got it i
don't got it no no no no
no no just leave me alone that was a
disaster didn't go the way i planned
you